nought.us, Random WoW Clone #7

dipstick, bald one eyed gnerm

Gnerm, herd, nelfs, an nelf. Urks

Fembot - l
kggmake me a sandwich, holds Gnerm head down and makes a sandwich out of head.  "Is that mayo?"

Refuses to make sandwich, has potty mouth.
Is reprogramed by ex girlfriends. "Didn't you used to date him?"

goblin girlfiend - dating horde

Brain zapper marital aide - removes grudges from fems - "Yah curtains.  Why do I want to kill you?"

Universal fem translator - i don't mind if you go out with your friends.  No!  

Primpinator with paintball guns and jets, Primpinator 9000.

Nether Nullification Belt.  Kid sister prancing around in plate mail.

Creepiness reducing gell.

Wayward teenage fem gnerms.

Meow, meow, meow.  What is this tingly sensation?

crampons

Pregnate fem gnerms, rolling them around like oil drums.

Changes into girl, big but, skank drani dancer, you can't ask me any better than that?

Lifting heavy object, dusting

visually impaired text, google ads

fem gnomes to withhold intimacy

teen age fem gnomes being mean

Moonwell water and stuboorn rash.  elune be praised!  Nelfs chase from well, naked butt.

wagglelator, twerkalator

bodice ripper

"So I'm picking up the dekonkulator so I can move it to the other side of the room. The thing weighs more than I do. I'm almost to the point were I'm going to put it down when Ignia runs up.

'Oooo! Let me dust there first!'

So I'm standing there like an idiot, face turning crimson from the strain, veins popping out on my head while she wipes away with a dust cloth humming.

'Ready' she says. 

I set it down with a thud.

She puts a finger to her lip and considers the dekonkulator, 'maybe it would look better if it were over--'

'Don't even.' I say as I spin on my heal and walk out.

'What's wrong with you?' she says."

Pulling tails, Oooo! sound
Guards give stern looks, draenei girls pick up their tails protectively. "You pull one tale and you're marked for life!"

"So I met this goblin girl in Booty Bay, asked if she was green all over, she pulled me close by the collar and asked if I wanted to know. I said Duh. She introduced me to hard liquor. That night she threatened me with a knife but the morning I forgave her because she was really drunk.

Our second date was in Ratchet. She picked me up on her mechanohog. I asked if I could drive, she said no.

"I might have to leave early," she said.
"Oh? Why?"
"I have to meet friends."
I thought about this for a while. Unlike the first date, the second didn't seem to be going so well.
Are you embarrassed of me?
Pshaw! she exclaimed. "Why would I be embarrassed?"
"I'm a gnome, you're a goblin, I thought it would be obvious."
"No, it's not that," she said.
"Then what?"
"Things might get ugly."
"How so?"
"Well, they would want to eat you for starters.""

Gnomish waggleator.  heavy pendulum and pull start motor.  Gif of wagling.

Waggling restraints.

Stabbed, belfs waggle too!

Fem gnomes stop talking when I enter room.

"Nurh, how am I supposed to stalk you when you keep stealthing.  A little help here please."

How to meat girls.

* story

gnermland security and gnoden.  working in mail room copying male for gnermland security.  not supposed to read it.  

Reads male from Dalia, a belf in far away Silver City.  Steamy romance, bodice ripper.  Will she go with the saitly Naladrad or the rakish Grego?  Who's the baby dady.

I got to know!

Travels across Azerith


Is saved by Nelf girl who chases orc away

Other stuff.  Goblin girlfriend goes here.

Finds Dalia who is outraged by his breach of her privacy, turns him into a pig with eye patch.

Tries to get Mazi to kiss him to remove curse, ewww!  Doesn't work.

Moan Guard tours.  Rain coats.

Dazi has pouty lower lip and sighing.  Get her to express herself by enraging her.  make her ears go flat and hiss at me.

Nerm Trap.  Rock on other side of hole.  Just drop the rock is too easy.  Orc puts him in bag, takes him to slave market.  "Can you even turn your head without using your feet?"

Dipstick and orc.  why aren't you wearing pants?  You should run with your arms! Your axe is bigger than I am!

Dipstick mad that his slave price is lower.

One eyed bald headed gnerm named dipstick.  what are you insinuating?

how to get girlfriend to lose weight?  put furniture close together so she has to turn sideways.

On the journey to find belf girl, dipstick escapes slavery.  Fights in battle, meets dwarf who defends gate in epic battle.  "Sorry I wasn't funny" when the dwarf dies.

Dating Mazi, decides to leave on quest to get belf's story, angry parting.  

Return to Gnermeregon.  Dipstick puts up sign memorating dwarf's death.  tells everyone not to touch the sign.

Tells Mazi of his journies, wonders if it made him a better person.  She hugs him and tells him it did and hugs him to her bossom.  "boobies!"

changed to fem, talks to mazi.  "wait til you have yoru period"  what?  You're just making that up!

Don't call me sensei says the dwarf.  Get me some strong drink.

Poop quest.  "You want me to what?"

Teenage Fem Gnomes so mean.

Wayward Teenage Fem Gnomes.  Dipstick tells them to scram.  They get even by reversing the gravity in his house.  opening portals to other dimensions.

Reprogramming fembot.

Fem gnomes stop talking, fembot used to spy on them.

"Just let them win" axe in head.

Anal threads

Can I have your stuff?

Leveling process.

Pvp, let them win.  Dwarf axes guy, wearing kilt.

Nerfing.

Jack Bauer

Wild Wil

Anime

Game of Thrones

Tee shirts Dipstick and Mitzi with pitchfork.  american gothic
Google ads

Draenei girls waste too much energy waggling.

Dwarf guard says "bald one eyed gnome who goes by the name of dipstick?  who put you up to this?"

Amazon book associate account.

How can you be zero level?

Horde bias

belf sexes both appear female

crampons are spikes that make it easier to climb ice

back brace for stooped horde

draenei tail twitches.  like dangling a worm in front of a bass.
guards watching pre tail pull say this

mitzi holding draenei girls tail.  Girls aren't creepy.

Mitzi has invention used to overcome long lines for women's restrooms.  disguise as boy.

Mitzi reads goblime mags.  Declares herself moe and gets angry at Dipstick.
Dipstick thinks Mitzi as moe is funny, she's mean, experienced and tough.

religious cult that claims that everyone is in a sim control by sentient beings.

after finding Simonee arc, wild wil arc.  Gobga magazine.

while reading mail, a letter from mitzi shows she's cheating

draenei girl's tail twitches at poker.

dipstick tells snips joke about what do you do when an undead gives yout the finger.

i've put too much work into him to let him go.

curve overload, mitzi hugged by draenei girl.

student loans

Gnowden

Gnomaphobia

Nelf pooping behind tree.

Mitzi: I spent too much time civilizing him to lose him.  he doesn't belch in public.  That was me, I did that.

Dipstick and Snips startup.

Tauren good samaritan saves Dipstick

Snowshovel to pick up punted Dip

Gnowden shows up at office.  Jokes about him spying.

Gnowden flees to Herd.  Winds up in stewpot.

draenei tail twitchers sent out to lure out dipstick

keeping the stork away device

Attack of the Mindcraft guys

hyper sensitive of tail pulling.  draenei overreacts to her tail touched.

punto matic.  gun shaped like boot.  punts people

minecraft breaks into kitchen, bloody fight.  dip gets pick and kills minecraft dood.

minecraft, dip and snips leave bag of dog poop on minecrafts guys door.

the minecraft guys strike back, toilet papering dip's house.

Mitzi joins church.

Next door neighbor

Job interview

Mitzi has ton of cats.  Stork.

Mitzi gets preggers.

Loola the draynay comes to visit Mitzi and is trapped in an outhouse by tail obsessed gnomes.

dipstick bumps into Snips at moonguard inn

goblins get mad at gnowden for releasing info for free

steve gets poked in eye, needs eyepatch

loola taking calls at fundraiser, some perv talks to her.  she blushes and hangs up.

nerf.  mugged. panel1 let's get this guy nerfed.  Ball and chain, blinders, tying hand behind back.  check. "hey, this isn't fair!"

skill versus talent

###

s99e01p01

Dipstick walks up to Snips desk at work.

Dipstick: So Snips, what do you do when an undead gives you the finger?

Dipstick: Keep it, it means he likes you!

s99e01p02

Snips is not amused.

s99e01p03

Snips walks up to Dipstick's desk.

Snips: Your question doesn't parse.  First off, why would I talk to an undead?

Dipstick: Snips, you are the alpha gnome among alpha gnomes.

###

s99e02p01

Mitzi: I think I'm fat.

s99e02p02

Dipstick: (Thought.) OMG!  What do I say?

s99e02p03

Dipstick: Do you come with a manual?

###

s99e03p01

Mitzi: Do you believe in God?

s99e03p02

Dipstick: Any way I answer that I'm screwed.

s99e03p03

Mitzi: Just make a stand wimp!

Steve, with eye patch returns at the head of an army.

Dipsticks wall shows patched hole.

puntomatci, action, reaction.  requires six gnomes to absorb recoil

during invasion, dipstick sees up Mitzi's dress.  Mitzi, aren't you wearing underwear?  It's a thong, idiot.  Only you could make me mad during a gik invasion.

Gik invasion, zombie invasion.

gobanga tenticles.  scares dip.  eats Dip's lunch, Dip can't figure it out.

Dipstick 'why do i keep getting beat up?'  mitzi, pats his hand.

mitzi's little ears go flat against her little head and she hisses at me.

single panel, dipstick nerfed with ball and chain, arm tied behind back, blinders etc.

Nerfing, he's so good he had to wear a ball and chain and he still won.

when draenei punts, guard requests snow shovel, he might say "Leonard, it's that gnome. bring a snowshovel."

Mitzi's church of the Player.  It's known that a mysterious outside known as the "player" is in complete control of everything.

Dipstick doesn't believe in god but he believes in things like love and hope.

dipstick has to pick a class, can't decide, asks someone, their reply is 'more decisive'.

single panel, mitzi and loola holding tail.  'besties'

single panel, angry nelf, 'nelfs prefer to poop behind trees'

dipstick captured at Gobcon, an Goblimay convention.  He was cosplaying.  Goblines want his GSA information.  Mitzi and Loola rescue him.

GM gets a shocker to punish players.

Small groups on the internet can seem to be big.

captive space goat girl: i can't believe i agreed to this

Dipstick, how did you meet Mitzi?  I was stalking her.  She felt sorry for me.

cube heads breaking into class room. knocks.  did he just knock?  breaks down door.  Mitzi attacks with pointer. dipstick saves day.  gnewtonian physics with puntomatic.  kids and mitzi pile behind dipstick.

you said not to make lethal gun.  since when did you listen

dip and mitzi and kids escape down old cave, run into snips and gnowden who have gone feral.  Snips wants to eat kid cause he's tender.  Mitzi smacks him.  It hasn't even been a day since the invasion started.

Mitzi climbing ladder.  Dip: Mitzi, are you not wearing underwear?!  It's a thong idiot!

single panel: Button bloat is a lie!  Guy has six fingers on each hand.

single panel: dipstick wolf whistles at loola.  Is that the new model you're wearing?

fingle panel: huge ornate hat on guest.  'how did you know a hat dropped at the raid'?

movies, mitzi cries at girl movie, mad at dip for snoring. plots revenge. impossible to sleep at Tinkerman movie with explosions, shots, screams, etc.

gnomes must fool their mates to procreate. dip says to mitzi, 'look, someone dropped a gold piece.'  mitzi, 'that's it?'

single panel: blizz headquarters sitting on pile of money. We can't make WoW 2!  Why? Reasons.

single panel: draenei tender moment.  tentacles around girls head.

single panel: what to do on flight path? clip toe nails.

Gob girl steals Dip.  Gets him drunk. He's laying on bed naked. Mitzi sees. Big break up. Dip goes on bender, dwarf feeds him booze.  All a plot to get Dip to reveal state secrets.

monitoring chat. chat is getting ugly.  "better start an anal thread!"

feed the drones.  drone poops on him. why you poop on me.  i have to poop, you're there. drone has him put maggot in ear for no reason.

dwarf football versus gnome football.  dwarf football is mostly armed combat where you beat the crap out of the other team until you can put the ball over the goal.  gnootball.

mitzi dressed as bondage fairy

mitzi trying to scratch the eyes out of gob spy. gob spy has figure makes fun of skinny mitzi. dip holds her back

snips cosplaying as a fairy

grammar nazis would've could've could care less there etc

mitzi runs into troll on internet who's a real troll.  she comes up with a device that lets her smack him over the network

dipstick is explaining to mitzi about x and y chromosomes trying to explain. mitzi holds grudge

dipstick get's back gun from guards uses it for fight with eyepatch cube

rem the junkist throws bomb at ballpeen when ballpeen is making the air purifier.

airpurifyer used gneppa filters.

gnome guards stop tank and give ticket in the middle of Gnopocalypse, Dipstick sees gun gets it back.

call to kids, ednut answers, suspects gnuberment, won't get out info, mitzi takes charge talks to edni, shelter has gas filters.

Gnerve agent.  General says they are going to gas in four hours time

Arms on tank.  Puppet of gnome lures out cubes, mitzi smashes them.

mitzi has cold feet, puts them on dip to warm them

mitzi in rage management class with other gnome girls

gnozmopolitan magazine. snips says it's like the owners manual for girls.

troll isle, mitzi gets work as forum mod, get's mad at members has junkists create device to reach through chat so she can smack members, get's yanked through to troll island by troll, forced to work as slave in bar.

troll isle, mitzi can't leave because voodoo curse says if she does the one she loves most will die.

at military checkpoint dip has trouble convincing ednut that he's not a government agent.  dip tells ednut he's the gnay who left the children with him. finally mitzi demands edni is put on the chat.

mitzi's depression. blames dip, can't move from couch. won't eat. mitzi, you have to eat, there's not much of you to lose. thinks about shooting her with marital agent, changes mind. mitzi says she knows it's her fault. dip trys the gnozmo magazine thing about making her mad. doesn't work. dip goes to junkists, they give him kitten.

gob girl flirts with dip by putting boob on head, makes mitzi mad. Dip doesn't understand they hate each other. Dip wakes up in bed naked. Mitzi sees him in bed, but nothing happened.

Dipstick, Snips Gnowden and Mitzi meet with General Fizwonker. Fizwonker refuses to let the group go into the city. Fiz tells them about the gnerve agent. The four know that he had an affair with Seawi, he's cheated on his taxes, he lied about his college degree and he has an over due book at the library, 'How to Get Ahead by Any Means Necessary".  Gag is the book. Dip says something like, Seawi called to ask about your tax return, she said a Nuclear Physisist should know better after reading the book HGAAMN.

Mitzi and fake laughing.

Gnerve agent. After the group blackmail Fiz he tells an assistant to move the gas release ahead an hour even though that will kill even more civs.

junkists give dip book called "Fem Owners Manual".

Mitzi's street face. 

troll isle, voodoo doll.

Mitzi earns tips, trying to buy her way out of slavery

